nifi: add dashboard, monitors, log pipeline, and other assets (#24561)
DataDog/integrations-core: nifi/README.md

This check monitors [Apache NiFi][1] through the Datadog Agent.

> Apache NiFi is a data integration and automation platform for moving data between systems. This integration collects JVM health, flow throughput, queue backpressure, processor status, and bulletin events from the NiFi REST API, and application logs from `nifi-app.log`, providing visibility into data pipeline health without requiring NiFi-side configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache NiFi is a data integration and automation platform for moving data between systems. This integration uses the NiFi REST API to collect JVM health, flow throughput, queue backpressure, processor status, and bulletin events, and it collects application logs from `nifi-app.log`. Together, this data provides visibility into data pipeline health without requiring NiFi-side configuration.
```

3. [Restart the Agent][5].

### Log collection

1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

   ```yaml
   logs_enabled: true
   ```

> 2. Add this configuration block to your `nifi.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your NiFi logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following configuration block to your `nifi.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your NiFi logs:
```
